[Merged by Bors] - Implement `WorldQuery` derive macro (#2713)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`ecs_guide` | [`ecs/ecs_guide.rs`](./ecs/ecs_guide.rs) | Full guide to Bevy's ECS
`component_change_detection` | [`ecs/component_change_detection.rs`](./ecs/component_change_detection.rs) | Change detection on components
`event` | [`ecs/event.rs`](./ecs/event.rs) | Illustrates event creation, activation, and reception

> `fetch` | [`ecs/fetch.rs`](./ecs/fetch.rs) | Illustrates creating custom queries and query filters with `Fetch` and `FilterFetch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`custom_query_param` | [`ecs/custom_query_param.rs`](./ecs/custom_query_param.rs) | Groups commonly used compound queries and query filters into a single type.
```

We should be focused on end user goals when writing these descriptions, rather than exposing implementation details. Users won't know what `Fetch` and `FilterFetch` are before reading the example.
